Welcome to this course,
I'm super excited to have you on board. In this course,
we're going to dive into Ionic with Angular. As you will learn, Ionic is an amazing framework that helps
you build mobile apps with web technologies and indeed in this course, we'll learn it from scratch,
you will learn all about Ionic, its many components it offers, its building blocks it offers and we will
build a real mobile apps that we deploy to the Apple App Store and the Google Play store at the end
of this course.
But even better than that, Ionic allows you to build cross-platform applications, which means you have
one codebase and you get mobile apps out of it as well as a regular web app
and that's also what we'll cover in this course.
Now as already mentioned, this course is about Ionic and Angular, Angular being an amazing front-end framework
that makes building such apps even easier.
Therefore in this course, you get both and you just need the Angular basics, you don't need to know
anything about Ionic and there even is an Angular refresher in this course in case it's been some time
since you last worked with Angular. I also strongly believe that you learn way more when you're building
something practical and that means that in this course, we'll build an entire course project. We'll plan it
and then build it step-by-step, adding features like navigation, user interaction, fetching user inputs, showing
modals and alerts, adding authentication, sending HTTP requests to the back-end, using the device camera,
adding Google Maps and so much more. Now this is what's in the course,
who am I?
My name is Maximilian Schwarzmuller and I'm a freelance web developer and five star rated instructor
here on Udemy.
I got many courses on web development including the biggest and best-selling course on Angular.
I also created an Ionic course in the past, this course actually but I did re-record it entirely when
Ionic 4 was released because that marked a breaking and important change in the Ionic history as you
will also learn its course.
So this course is fully up-to-date and it uses the latest technologies and the latest best practices
to allow you to build cross-platform applications with web technologies, with Ionic and with Angular.
And with that, let's dive right in and let's learn what exactly Ionic is and how it works.